updated 04 May 2014

Program NetAna

The md5 signatures of the python source files are in file netana-x.x.x-md5sums.
To verfiy the downloaded source files run:
    "md5sum -c netana-x.x.x-md5sums" while in this folder.

Linux: Shell File "cp-examples.sh" should be used to copy the netana examples
to the users home directory. Unpack the sourse file using "tar" and cp to the location
where setup.py is found. Make sure the excute permission is set on the shell
file. Then invoke this "Bash" shell command: "./cp-examples.sh". Where the example
files are installed have only Read permission on the directories and files for the
normal user. My copying the files to the users home directory the user can write to the
netana-examples directory and files.

To Install sourse files:
    GNU/Linux -- After unpacking file, in the folder where you find
     'setup.py' run the following command: sudo python setup.py install
     Note: you must be user 'root' see below for checking file permissions

To Install "dumb tar" files such as xxxxxxxxx-i686.tar.gz
	sudo cp xxxxxxxxxxxxxx-i686.tar.gz /
	cd /
	sudo tar xvzf xxxxxxxxxxxxxx-i686.tar.gz
	check to make sure the permissions are correct on the *.py python files
	do a 'whereis' or 'locate' on file 'NetAna.py' and make sure the permissions
	are set to -rwx-rx-rx and the other python *.py file are set to -rw-r-r by changing
	the permissions in this order chmod 644 *.py and chmod 755 NetAna.py

To Install   MSWindows --
    1. You will need to install three programs before installing 'NetAna'.
      a) Install Python 3.4 or later
      b) Install Python3-Matplotlib 1.3.1 or later

       The above versions are the one's that are compatible with Python 3.4
       Make sure the versions are the one's for your 32 bit or 64 bit system.

    2. Add the python (c:\Python3.4 in this case) to the MSWindows 'path'.
       Set the PYTHONHOME evironment varible to C:\Python3.4

    3. After downloading 'NetAna', 'cd' to your 'Download' folder
       and double click on the file you just downloaded. The will invoke the
       Installer. Just follow the Installer instruction's.

    4. The command to invoke 'NetAna' is: python start-netana.py or ./start-netana.py

    5. Make a shortcut by right clicking on the Desktop and selecting 'shortcut'.
       Fill in the description and  command text entries. As an example of the
       command entry:  python c:\python3.4\lib\site-packages\netana\start-netana.py


