Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: argpext
Version: 1.2.0
Summary: Argpext: hierarchical extension of sub-commands in argparse.
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Alexander Shirokov
Author-email: alexander.shirokov@gmail.com
License: OSI Approved
Description: Argpext is a module dedicated to improving the command line
        interface with Python module internals.  It allows one to
        quickly expose any selected Python functions to the command
        line within DOS or Linux-like shells. Help messages are
        automatically produced.
        
        Argpext provides hierarchical extension to the
        "Sub-commands" utility of the standard argparse
        module. It allows one to group any Python functions into a
        hierarchical tree-like structure, e.g.  according to their
        logic. Every such function then corresponds to a certain
        sequence of sub-commands, and can be executed directly from
        the command line by simply passing the sequence as command
        line arguments to the top level script. The rest of the
        command line arguments to the script are used to set up the
        values of function arguments, at which level the standard
        argparse interface applies.
        
        Argpext provides a special type to support command line
        arguments that take predetermined set of values. Information
        about available choices is automatically propagated into the usage help
        message.
        
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: User Interfaces
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Interpreters
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
