Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: B-pp
Version: 1.1
Summary: A code template processor
Home-page: http://github.com/JohnFNovak/B_pp/
Author: John F Novak
Author-email: john.franc.novak@gmail.com
License: Public Domain
Description: 
        The B Preprocessor
            A code template processor
        
            What is this?
                This is a code templating pre-processor. In my work I often have to
                write code which runs on multiple data files. The code has to be the
                same, but the files differ in subtle ways: the number of files, the
                format of the files, etc. Instead of writing one piece of code, then
                tweaking it to work for each case, I write a B template, and put all
                of the file-specific-subtleties into meta-data text files, and the B
                pre-processor handles all of the case specific tweaking.
        
            Why would I want this?
                Readability
                    Everything is text files and python scripts. The output of the
                    preprocessor looks like normal code that was written from scratch.
                    I send code generated by the pre-processor to my boss all the time.
                    It makes him happy because it looks like code he writes; It makes
                    me happy because I don't have to be inefficient and write code his
                    way.
                Flexibility
                    The preprocessor uses simple ideas: replacement, iteration, files
                    are treated as strings, the template boilerplate is handled with
                    the same rules as everything else. You can do some crazy things
                    with a little creativity.
        
            Why didn't you just learn to use one of the other template scripting
            languages?
                Frankly, I wrote the first version of this over the course of two
                hours. I needed something which worked, and I needed it fast. It would
                have taken me longer to learn something new, than to make something
                new.
            Why B?
                B comes before C! Most of my work coding is in C/C++. Now I can say
                things like, "I wrote you A B C... ++ template for that." Actually, no,
                thats a really limp joke.
        
            when install with setuptools (or variant), an executable 'B' is added
                to the user's path.
        
Platform: any
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: License :: Public Domain
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development
