Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: datahaven
Version: rev8784
Summary: Distributed storage network
Home-page: http://datahaven.net
Author: Veselin Penev
Author-email: penev.veselin@gmail.com
License: Copyright DataHaven.NET LTD. of Anguilla, 2006,
All rights reserved.
Use of this software constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use: http://datahaven.net/terms_of_use.html 
Download-URL: http://datahaven.net
Description: DataHaven.NET - distributed storage network.
        
        This is a distributed network for backup data storage. Each participant of the network provides a portion of his hard drive for other users. In exchange, he is able to store his data on other peers.
        
        The redundancy in backup makes it so if someone loses your data, you can rebuild what was lost and give it to someone else to hold. And all of this happens without you having to do a thing - the software keeps your data in safe.
        
        All your data is encrypted before it leaves your computer with a private key your computer generates. No one else can read your data, even DataHaven.NET! Recover data is only one way - download the necessary pieces from computers of other peers and decrypt them with your private key.
        
        DataHaven.NET is written in Python using pure Twisted framework.        
        
        
Keywords: p2p,peer to peer,backup,restore,distributed,cloud,online,storage,data,recover,python,twisted
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Framework :: Twisted
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Customer Service
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: License :: Other/Proprietary License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 7
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows Vista
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows XP
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Topic :: Security
Classifier: Topic :: Security :: Cryptography
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Archiving :: Backup
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Distributed Computing
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
